READMEs for Servers (#31207)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/Servers/IIS/README.md

# IIS

ASP.NET Core IIS Web Server is a flexible secure managed Web Server to be hosted with IIS on Windows.

> Documentation for ASP.NET Core IIS can be found in the [ASP.NET Core IIS Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/iis/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for ASP.NET Core IIS can be found in the [ASP.NET Core IIS Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/iis).
```
The current link results in HTTP 404.

## Description

This folder contains all relevant code for the IIS Web Server implementation.

> There are two modes for hosting application with IIS: in-process and out-of-process. In-process will run all managed code inside of the IIS worker process, while out-of-process will use IIS as a reverse-proxy to a dotnet app running Kestrel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two modes for hosting application with IIS: in-process and out-of-process. In-process will run all managed code inside of the IIS worker process, while out-of-process will use IIS as a reverse-proxy to a dotnet process running Kestrel.
```
